Add documentation for support of APIM 4.x versions (#184)
wso2/docs-mg: en/docs/reference/configurations/toolkit-config.toml.md

|Heading|Description|Sub Heading|Description|Default value|
|-------|-----------|-----------|-----------|-------------|
|`client`|The configurations of the Microgateway toolkit client when connecting with the WSO2 API Manager (WSO2 API-M) server to fetch API data.|`httpRequestTimeout`|The client request timeout in seconds|1000000|

> |`token`|The configuration required to get a valid token from WSO2 API-M in order to communicate with its secured REST APIs.|`apimVersion`|The version WSO2 API-M server. This parameter will be used to determine whether the WSO2 API-M version is a 4.x version or not.|`empty` (By defualt WSO2 API-M version will be considered as an 3.x version)

Reviewer: ```suggestion
|`token`|The configuration required to get a valid token from WSO2 API-M in order to communicate with its secured REST APIs.|`apimVersion`|The version WSO2 API-M server. This parameter will be used to determine whether the WSO2 API-M version is a 4.x version or not.|`empty` (By default WSO2 API-M version will be considered as a 3.x version)
```

Author: Fixed with https://github.com/wso2/docs-mg/pull/184/commits/50d67d45206cb74d0620e3be7f91ee74c6d8bb38
